Now a large part of crowdfunding research is all to do with spying on your competitors because it's
very very likely that whatever you're going to launch somebody has really launched something in the
same knish by spying on how their campaign went or where they got their sources of traffic or who were
the backers who actually backed them.
You can actually gather a lot of information.
So I'm going to show you exactly how to do that.
Now in the assets that you downloaded at the beginning of the course one of those things in there should
be a kickstarted research Templi and this is exactly the same spreadsheet that we used for our Kickstarter
research.
I'm going to show you how to fill in all of the fields effortlessly.
So by the end you should have a whole spreadsheet with projects that are similar to yours or in the
same niche and you're going to classify them by the ones that were successful the ones that have failed
and you can see which ones have raised a lot of money and how that came to be.
So let's say as an example so I can take you through the process let's say that we are launching a new
Rayson for some reason or other.
There is a new razor being launched on Kickstarter every other week.
I'm guessing that people are unsatisfied with their current razor options.
So we're launching a new razor and as of course the best razor in the world it's made of diamond blades
and it'll never get dull.
And it's a whole bunch of great things.
So let's do some competitive research.
The first thing they're going to do is you're going to go into kickstarts main web site and you can
sort all of the search results by particular categories.
And this is really useful because you know if you are undecided as to which category your product should
go and you can see what gets listed where and it might be a little bit unintuitive.
But usually people list raises in the category of product design.
And if you have a look in there you can see what you're going to be sharing that category with and how
much traffic maybe it gets.
What are the top funded projects in that category.
A whole bunch of things that can start getting you into the flow of your competitive research.
Now we're going to dig a little bit deeper though.
We're going to go to the Advanced tab and we're going to search specifically for races that have been
launched on Kickstarter.
Now we're going to say we don't really care where it was.
So anywhere on Earth and we're going to sort the projects by most funded.
So you should see something like this.
And you can see out of all the other races that were launched on here what was their specific angle
and which were the products that were most successful.
Now once you found that most successful one and phrases happens to be this project by Rockwell raises
called the Model T and the things that you're going to be interested in is how much did they raise what
was their initial goal.
How many backers they managed to get on board.
What is the average pledge per Bakare which which categories were they listed in.
What were their Pearch tiers.
So what was their lowest here.
What was the highest here.
Where was the tier where most people pledged.
So what was the most popular one.
Essentially you're going to be putting all of this into that Kickstarter research spreadsheet that we
showed you early on.
Now you can either do all of this completely manually going in finding the right numbers for each column
and then pasting it into the spreadsheet or you can try and automate it.
So really useful tool not just for kicks out of research but for any sort of research that you want
to do on the web is a Chrome extension cord scraper and its free to download it's free to add to your
browser and what it allows you to do is to basically scrape the website for the pieces of data that
you were interested in and you can automatically create a Google spreadsheet from it which is really
really useful.
I'm going to show you step by step how you gonna use scraper to get all of that data from Kickstarter
without you having to really lift a finger.